_frc/2000/2062.md, before:

---
title: FRC Team 2062
team:
  type: FRC
  number: 2062
  name: C.O.R.E  2062
  rookie_year: 2007
  location: Waukesha, Wisconsin, USA
  sponsors:
  - Rockwell Automation
  - GE Volunteers
  - Toshiba
  - SMC
  - InSinkErator
  - Punch Manufacturing
  - TLX
  - School District of Waukesha
  - SCORE
  - Waukesha Engineering Preparatory Academy
  - West High
  - South High
  - North High
  links:
    Website: core2062.com
    Github: https://github.com/core2062
robot_code:
  2012:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/LabviewPort
    - C++
  2013:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2013
    - C++
  2014:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2014
    - C++
  2015:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2015/
    - C++
  2016:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2016
    - C++
    Vision:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2016-Vision
    - Python
  2017:
  - Scouting:
    - https://github.com/core2062/2017-Scouting-Library
    - Python
---

No content has been added for this team

Commit message:

Update current data from TBA and replace team stubs

_frc/2000/2062.md, after:

---
title: FRC Team 2062
team:
  type: FRC
  number: 2062
  name: C.O.R.E  2062
  rookie_year: 2007
  location: Waukesha, Wisconsin, USA
  sponsors:
  - Rockwell Automation
  - GE Volunteers
  - Toshiba
  - SMC
  - InSinkErator
  - Punch Manufacturing
  - TLX
  - School District of Waukesha
  - SCORE
  - Waukesha Engineering Preparatory Academy
  - West High
  - South High
  - North High
  links:
    Website: http://www.core2062.com
    GitHub: https://github.com/core2062
    Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/core2062
    Twitter: https://twitter.com/core2062
robot_code:
  2012:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/LabviewPort
    - C++
  2013:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2013
    - C++
  2014:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2014
    - C++
  2015:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2015/
    - C++
  2016:
  - Robot:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2016
    - C++
    Vision:
    - https://github.com/core2062/CORE2016-Vision
    - Python
  2017:
  - Scouting:
    - https://github.com/core2062/2017-Scouting-Library
    - Python
---

{% include remove_this_line_and_add_a_paragraph %}
